hey wait
you
[Music]
quick there you are
Oh what you're bleeding yeah I'll look
at you Sam anyway enough about me now
about me mr. back from the Orient come
on I wanna hear everything everything oh
yeah where do I start
um well this is Julie Julie this is
Rachel hi oh these are oh these are
orange for you for you welcome to our
country
thank you
I'm from New York about not probabl just
using - stop please
I'm telling you she went to the airport
he's gonna go for it but Ross oh my god
this is huge this is bigger than huge
this is like all right what's bigger
than huge oh yes yes yes yes we did
thanks to Vidal Buffay you know if you
don't look good we don't look good I
love that voice okay I think you're
trying to tell us something wait hit the
burbs that's all right we got the bags
hi feeling this is my sister Monica this
is Chandler Joey whoa okay
everyone this is Julie
[Music]
but I'm not here you guys met me I'll
make a much better first impression
tomorrow and I don't have 20 hours of
cabin playing on men Bush oh my god
because screaming guys you gotta hear
this story
we're on this bus that's easily 200
years old 200 English and this guy on
the chicken poops in her lap
oh so sorry I just didn't way the ending
didn't I oh it's just I just heard this
story in a cab and it's all I think this
is amazing me now how did it happen well
Ross and I were in grad school - yeah
but we haven't seen each other since
then well I land in China guess who's in
charge of the dig Joey let me do the
neck just kick-you-in-the-crotch
spit-on-your-neck fantastic
it's an expression
we just wanted to say a quick hi we're
gonna go see the baby then we've gotta
get some yeah it's really six o'clock
tomorrow night our time
okay well listen don't tell us what's
gonna happen though because I like
[Music]
yeah sure thank you hey reg do the
cha-cha yeah so what the hell happened
you in China I mean last we left you you
were totally in love with you know I
know I know I was but there's always
this little voice inside that kept
saying it's never gonna happen move on
they don't whose voice that was God it
was you though well maybe it was God
doing me right okay she looks at me and
sees a friend that's all and then I met
Julie and what having a great time and I
have to say I never would have gone for
it with her if it hadn't been for you
well you owe me one big guy lemonade oh
well then you better go take that back
cuz they're gonna charge you for that
hey so uh what did you find out
he said he he said he said they're
having a great time I'm sorry but the
silver lining if you want to see it is
that he made this decision all by
himself without any outside help
whatsoever how is that you have to
really want to see it ironically these
are the guys who will kick Lance and Jim
you know what I'm thinking okay wow it's
been so long since you've had sex you're
wondering if they've changed it Oh
although now that's what I'm thinking
that's what were you thinking well I was
thinking that you gave the guys such
great haircuts I thought maybe you'd
like to do mine
oh no why not because I'm just I'm
incredibly anal and an unbelievable
control freak you're not I know I'm not
but you are oh all right
yeah well that's it Russ
hello hi hey anybody know a good tailor
need some clothes altered no no I'm just
looking for a man to draw on me
woodchuck don't you go see Frankie my
family's been going to him forever
he did my first suit when I was 15 no
wait 16 no excuse me
15 all right when was 1990 okay you have
to stop the q-tip when there's
resistance
okay okay sweetheart I'll see you later
okay bye what oh that is so sweet
no no okay no you hang up no okay okay
one two three well you can hang up
either okay no no you hang up you you
[Applause]
sorry I thought you're talking to me
Rachel I'll just call you back okay
sorry we got this okay okay how does
happen me how does it happen me a week
ago two weeks ago I was fine Ross was
just Ross just this guy now all of a
sudden he's oh he's really great guy
that I can't sweetie I wanted you to
have him I don't care what you guys say
something is bothering her
[Music]
you know I think that was 16 please just
a little bit off the back I'm still
unknown uh morning okay and you guys did
get the duck close your eyes for just a
sec oh that fall for that again what's
going on well I started did a stupid
thing last night what stupid thing did
you do
Bonzo no thought they okay hello
flinches go get dressed and be on your
way thank Rachel how'd it happen
I just kind of ran into him last night
where but his apartment is this juice
whoa and the fact that you dumped him
cuz he hit on Phoebe oh god I know in
pathetic a loser
honey you're not pathetic yes you're sad
yeah me people do stupid things when
they're upset oh my god if I had a
nickel for every guy I wish I hadn't
this is about your Harbinson hey we were
well there was touching
what are you doing here I do it I can
[Music]
so uh he's back yams back that problem
no not a problem last night probably
okay you're gonna have to not touch my
ass well despite the yummy bagels and
palpable tension I've got pants on need
to be altered no hey Chandler when you
see Frankie don't Joey Tribbiani says
hello don't know what I mean
sure he's gonna be able to crack that
code it's funny bless I'm Paolo is here
my game is so much shorter in shooter
okay but but you have to promise that
you will not be all like controlling and
bossy and all you know monica about it I
promise all right let's see now some of
you are gonna get cut and some of you
aren't but I promise none of you will
feel a thing
[Music]
all right that's it I quit I didn't see
anything
yeah but this isn't the face of a person
who trusts a person okay this is the
face of a person who you know doesn't
trust a person sorry it's just slow just
a little shorter than what we had
discussed would you relax
I know what I am doing this is how he
wears it
how wears it to me more do me more is
not a heat well he was a heat and Arthur
and in den that's Dudley Moore I said I
wanted it like Demi Moore disclosure
indeed apropos Oh ghost oh oh she's got
gorgeous hair
how long do you want the cuffs at least
as long as have the pants I just got
that okay now we'll do your inseam it's
just him to tell which is a good sign
how's the hair I'm not gonna lie tear us
it doesn't look good I couldn't clip on
one side which seems to stop the curling
can we see you your hair looks too good
I think it would upset her Ross why
don't you come on in how you doing oh
that bad huh look Rach I can sense when
women are depressed and vulnerable it's
one of my gifts oh boy I saw him get off
that plane with her I really thought I
just hit rock bottom but today it's like
there's rock bottom 50 feet of crap then
me you got to tell Ross how you feel how
can I just tell him what about Julie
what about her they've all we've been
going out for two weeks Ross has been in
love with you for like ten years
I don't know I don't know Rach Rach I've
been with my share of women I think I've
been with a lot of people share women
the point is I've never felt about
anyone the way Ross felt about you
yo paisan can I talk to you for a second
your tailor is a very bad man Frankie
what are you talking what's going on
Joey's tailor took advantage of me what
no way I've been going to the guy for 12
years oh come on you said he was gonna
do my inseam then he ran his hand up my
leg and then there was definite what
cupping that's how they do pants
plus they go up one side they move it
over and they go up the other side they
move it back and then they do the rear
what loss we told is that how the tailor
measures pants mr. s it is in prison
what's the matter with you
oh my god Mary Tyler Moore would have
been better I like it I do I think it's
a 10 thank you my hair is very amused no
come on Monica things could be worse I
mean you could get caught between the
moon in New York City I know it's crazy
but it's true
thank you well I gotta go bye yeah my
rigs yeah that's kinda what I meant by
bug
well I can't can I talk to you first
okay hey when the doctor does that
hernia test that's okay well um okay
first of all hello and I are not back
together it's just a stupid thing that I
did and if I could go back in time and
do it again well I wouldn't um second of
all what okay before I say anything I
just need to know is this one of those
things where you break up with a guy and
then I tell you when I think and then
the next day you get back together with
the guy and I look like a complete idiot
no no no okay well then I think I think
the guy's scum I mean I actually I
physically hate him
I always have and you you are way too
good to be with a guy like that yeah you
deserve to be with someone who
appreciates you you know who gets how
funny and sweet and amazing and adorable
and sexy you are yeah someone who wakes
up every morning thinking oh my god I'm
I'm with Rachel you know so someone
makes you feel good like like the way I
do with Julie was there a second of all
[Music]
I think I think that was the whole wall
okay okay
no I swear to God dad that's not how
they measure pants up see I'm doing it a
little shorter you know like I'm Andie
McDowell's new haircut oh yeah oh I
could do that really yeah do you wanna
do right now great okay okay I just want
to make really sure this time Andie
MacDowell is the girl from Four Weddings
and a funeral right no no no no no no
that's Roddy McDowall Andie MacDowell is
the guy from Planet of the Apes oh yeah
okay okay thank you you're welcome
[Music]